<!---------------Report------------->

The objectives of this program were to create a simple calculator able to do
operations in including addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
The calculator was meant to be able to turn on and off when the user wanted
and recognize these different operations and perform them in a while loop.  The
calculator was also meant to store previous data for three previously calculated
answers.

The main variables needed for this were "on" the variable that started the
calculator while loop when hitting 1, "opp" where the user inputs a symbol
to conduct the if statements for the applicable operation.  Each operation
had similar variables, each named slightly different to distinguish them from
each other although meant to recognize numbers and operation symbols and
perform the operations.  The "off" prompts stop the calculator and are used
with "break" to break the while loop.  The "value" variable was used to store
a list of previously calculated values.

The algorithm for this assignment involved turning the calculator on, specifying
the operation needing to be performed, going through the steps in the if loop
(within the while loop) for that specific operation, spitting out the answer,
storing previous answers if the user asked for 'last', and having an option to
turn the calculator off at any point (or continue with operations if not).
To extract numbers from the strings, I used the find method, which located the
operation symbol in an entered expression for the addition, subtraction,
multiplication, and division sections.  I then used a range in correlation
to the identified operation symbol and the numbers before it and after it, no
matter how many were entered.

As for errors, in the multiplication and division sections I could not get
the same find method to work as it kept giving me errors.  I ended up being able
to fix this error by adding a +1 to the mult_ind and div_ind variables when
finding the number before the multiplication and division symbols.  I could not
figure out how to store previous replies properly, I kept getting errors that my
list would not work until I played around with the variable some more.  I managed
to store one previous value, but could not get it to store three previous values
nor be able to use the stored values in new operations.  Initially the subtraction
section kept adding the numbers together until I figured out that the "diff"
section needed to remain as a plus and not a minus because the minus cancelled
out the find operation and added them because of a double negative.

For more complex expressions, to interpret multiple expressions the calculator
would need to find all sorts of characters that are not numbers.  It will need
to recognize PEMDAS order to be able to compute the expressions correctly, with
or without parenthesis.  I think you could start by making the find interpret
anything that is not a number or have a find operation within the other find
operation and stack more if statements to interpret everything at once.
